Fix variadic args in Expr (#8319)
doctrine/doctrine2: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade to 3.0

## Variadic methods now use native variadics

> Methods `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#andX()`, `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#orX()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#select()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#addSelect()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#where()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#andWhere()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#orWhere()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#groupBy()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#andGroupBy()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#having()`, `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#andHaving()` and `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#orHaving()` were using `func_get_args()` to simulate a variadic argument. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods were using `func_get_args()` to simulate a variadic argument:
- `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#andX()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#orX()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#select()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#addSelect()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#where()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#andWhere()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#orWhere()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#groupBy()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#andGroupBy()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#having()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#andHaving()`
- `Doctrine\ORM\QueryBuilder#orHaving()` 
```

# Upgrade to 3.0

> Method `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#andX()` and `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#orX()` uses variadic argument in its signature (`...$x`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Variadic methods now use native variadics
Methods `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#andX()` and `Doctrine\ORM\Query\Expr#orX()` were using `func_get_args()` to simulate a variadic argument. A variadic argument is now actually used in their signatures signature (`...$x`).
Signatures of overridden methods should be changed accordingly
```
